Destroy Failed Deployments (#3602)
hashicorp/waypoint: .changelog/3602.txt

```release-note:bug

> cli: Update deployment destroy to proceed with deleting resources for failed
> deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cli: `deployment destroy` will now attempt to destroy any known resources for failed
deployments. Previously, `destroy` would skip unsuccessful deployments.
```

I think it's important to convey that we will *attempt* to destroy the resources. Since it failed to deploy in the first place, we may not be successful, or even have all the resources tracked
